feat: add docs for asyncChunks (#5680)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/output.mdx

The same as [`output.filename`](#outputfilename) but for [Asset Modules](/guides/asset-modules/).

## output.asyncChunks

`boolean = true`

> Enable/disable creating async chunks that are loaded on demand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create async chunks that are loaded on demand.
```
